---
layout: category
title: Time.
category: thoughts
---

At any given second, billions of things are happening on Earth. A cloud is forming. An ant colony is carrying out their daily duties. A child is succumbing to hunger. A person is cheating on their spouse. An animal is dying at the hands (or jaws) of something higher up on the food chain. A fish is exploring the Titanic wreckage. A factory is packaging the Oreos you’re going to eat next week. Someone is crying. Someone is falling in love. Millions of people are sending and receiving text messages. All this and so much more is happening simultaneously, but we rarely think about it. 

We only think about what matters to us, we only think about what we really care about. But, what if you have nothing or nobody to care for? 

In a cannibalistic world, abundant with modern day slaves chasing each other like dogs, does anybody pause and listen to their heartbeat? Listen to what exactly they are feeling at that moment? 

I wish I did. I wish I could go back and act on that impulse when I first had it. I wish I could go back and tell my boss that he is an asshole. I wish I could go back and tell that girl that I've fallen for her smile. I wish I could tell my ex that no, she's the one who's wrong. 

If only time could slow down, down to a snail's pace so that I can feel every microsecond of it. If only life wasn't about making the quickest decisions in the best possible fashion. If only life gave me a second chance, to go back in time and relive everything that I want to experience now. Maybe then we'd all be more sentient beings. 

Maybe then, things would've been better. Maybe then I wouldn't have to recall her face from a faint memory. Maybe then, I wouldn't have to keep hearing those painful words rhythmically repeating, like a hollow chant in my head as she broke up with me. 

If only time could actually open it's mouth and tell.